And the next section are going to be building is going to be are here in the services section or you
can see or hear just ahead.
All right.
This is going to be a little bit different title that we actually used all the time right.
So first of all can actually build this read We're going to start building the skills that are actually
going to build this title because what's going to happen later on we're actually going to be reusing
the style right here we're going to look at a fluxbox property.
Right.
So how we can very easily flip them around.
You can see or hear this is going to be right side.
And this is going to be another time.
So let's go ahead and let's start working on that.
So like I said we're going to be back in session here at home or here and you can see that end of icon
section.
So I'm going to place and of icons section then after that we're going to make a comment and this is
going to be a services section or skill section doesn't really matter.
Right over here and this is going to be skills.
So I'm going to say we're here skills you know this select line copy and paste the line we are all going
to say and the skills and of skills.
Then after that the first thing that I would want to do is have a section ready and this is going to
be skills.
Right.
So then we're going to present all your skills and then here we're going to place a title I'm going
to say title and select and line up a line and I'm going to say in the title and of title and here we're
going to have a place on him.
All right we're going to start off here with a deal with the class of title or here.
Then within that day we're going to have a div of title or I can press tabel you like this and then
we're going to have a phantasm someone to say hi hey hey we're here Gere's first time all right.
And now we got all gears are here.
And after that we would want a title text.
Right.
But again we need to watch it right because this is going to be live right with one Dave and I can do.
And now you would want to text.
So I'm going to create another Dave and this is going to be tied up here.
TEXT religionis and then with within the title text a few things this is going to be heading to or here
and we're going to say skills that we provide.
All right so I'm going to say skills or here we provide provide or here and then we're going to cross-tab.
And now we have skills we provide.
And we're going to have a paragraph here I'm going to read and this is going to be a paragraph and so
we're going to have a five words right.
I'm going to press tab and another table here.
Right so now we have our title and now we can actually want to see who says and starts telling this
that right and then we're going we're going to have the M-L for the skills and the actual skills.
Right.
So let's say this here let's go to Maine.
He says We're here again and that's the comment we're going I'm going to hate tile.
So I'm going to say tight over here again hashtags like this.
And then we're all going to do is we're going to create a bunch of room just so we can actually work.
Right.
And here we're going to say is like this we're going to say this is going to be tidal and or here we're
going to say in this play flex because we want them actually side by side.
All right.
We can see or hear it.
This isn't the end result right.
You can see them side by side.
And that was the reason why we actually created two containers right.
So text would be in one container and the icons in the other display.
Flex healing.
Then once we have this play for let's let's just add some padding all around.
So I'm going to say padding 20 pixels read 20 pixels all around the and then we have a title icon fantastic
like title.
I can hear from Tarsem or here we're going to say font size say 60 pixels like this right.
This is going to be for fun.
Awesome.
Have a color.
FFC we're on this 9 1 4 4 here.
Then we'll have a margin to see margin right and what your eye is going to be 10 pixels.
Right so we're going to push the whole text a little bit away and after that we're going to have a title
text so I'm going to say title right text.
And over here we're going to have few things right.
First of all we want a padding to the left just to push it away.
So I'm going to say padding left and pixels like this will have a border on here and we're going to
say the left right.
And this is going to be Bordereau here on the left hand side.
Well as you said three pixels and you can see that my cursor is missing three pixels.
Solid hash tag like this.
And then it's going to be the gray color.
So be 5 C 2 and be 7 like this.
And then after you have text transform operatives text transform uppercase or healing this right.
So the whole thing we have a text transform.
Then after that we would want a heading.
And so I'm going to say all on here heading here like this and then we're going to say color or here
we're going to have a hash tag.
Now we're basically dealing over here with this adding on the top one here to the two.
And then we have eight to a railing this and then after that we would want a subheading.
So I'm going to say we're here.
So I'm reading one here and then I'm going to say padding.
We're still going to have a five pixel padding all around and then we would want to do is actually have
a text transfer.
But let me just double check with it.
I actually had a declasse right.
And you can see that actually I didn't.
Right.
And that's when nothing is working or here because what happened was that actually for this heading
to what we want is class and we're going to say all here tired all adding more to this and for the paragraph
we're going to have title subheading so we can just copy and paste this one here like this one.
Well we're going to have a copy right.
So I'm going to be selecting this up with this one over here starting over here.
Copy and paste and this is going to be subheading on here like this.
Now I can see that there are two things work.
So we say this man says We're here we're going to go back and we're going to finish with the rules right.
Because we don't have much left anyway.
Now we have a pairing and then we would want a text here transform and we're going to say capitalize
on your likeness and then we'll have a color hash tag.
And this is going to be five here.
See two more here and then we have B seven.
All right.
So basically we're adding There's great color and the same one we added or here and this is going to
be pretty much it for the tile.
Right.
What's going to be happening is we're going to be copying pasting this title right.
And like I said we're going to be just flipping them around adding different texts and adding different
icons.
But this is really nice that we have set it up right because now we're ready to go on and actually work
on our skills section.